MorningStar: On the rise

This study is about the MorningStar reseach firm. Where it started, how it grew, what domanins they practice in relation to the fintech industry, and what modes of technology they use to generate money, and give accesibility to their users

Company Name: MorningStar
Company Founder: Joe Mansueto

Mansueto started the comapny, or the idea of the comapany, in his one bedroom apartment in chicago on may 1984.
Joe worked as a stock analyst and after working for a year in the business, reviewing the fund industry and 
other competitors he realized the idea for the company could become reality.

Joe himself initially funed the company with $80,000 and then later from soft bank recived 91 million. In the 
present MorningStar has a few subscriptions platforms that they use to generate money for the company. For example, 
MorningStar Premium is a subcription they offer in order to help starter or seasoned investors choose where is best
to invest, they provide a a documenting aide that helps the user keep track of there ideas and potential investments,
and it offers a rating so that the user knows how well their potential investment ranks against others.

##Business Activities
The reacurring problem Morningstar seeks to solve is "how can we make our users financially secure". From what I've 
read they want to help all their investors reach a point of financial security, and then from that point maintain or
bolster from that point. The company targets seem to be from anyone who wants to learn how to invest and create a portfoloio to advanced investors  who have a good idea of how to navigate their investments. So far MorningStar
is located in 27 countries, has over 5200 employees and over 621,000 covered investments. 

##Landscape:
MorningStar is mostly seen as a company that focuses in the inveestment managment domain of fintech. The reasearch firm has made it much easier, for people with occupations such as a financial analysts, asset managing, retirement plan advisors, get the information they need to help their clients invest, buy, or trade stocks, or plan for the future. They are competing with companies such as MArketWatch Inc, Thomson Reuters Corporation and Bloomberg L.P, fot the top spot and pick for the number 1 investment platform. 

##Recommendations:
If there was any recommendation I could give it would be aout the rating system within morningstar. I dont think that it needs to be changed, it just needs to be cleared up and explained better to the masses that use it to pick and discard their investment choices. There are a few journals whom have called out Morningstar and their rating system, saying that it doesnt reflect the accuracy they claim when it does, based off of 5-10 year analysis. 
